Adyen plugin - dev chapter + update of configuration part (#340)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/available-plugins/adyen.mdx

---
title: Adyen
---

> Adyen plugin allows you to process customer transactions via [Adyen](https://www.adyen.com). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Adyen plugin allows you to process customer transactions via [Adyen](https://www.adyen.com). 
```

The list of available payments methods can be found [here](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods)

:::note
Saleor uses Adyen's checkout API in version [64](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/overview). 
If you're using [drop-in](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/web-drop-in/integrated-before-5-0-0) or 
[components](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/web-components/integrated-before-5-0-0) integrations make sure that 
you're using Adyen's packages in a version lower than 5.0.0.
:::

:::note

> To use Adyen plugin, make sure that you configured the plugin. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Adyen plugin, make sure that you have configured the plugin. 
```

The configuration is described [here](dashboard/configuration/plugins/adyen.md#enabling-the-adyen-integration).
:::

## Adding a payment form

> Adding a payment form for Adyen requires Saleor to provide available payment methods and client-key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a payment form for Adyen requires Saleor to provide available payment methods and a client-key. 
```

Both of these values can be fetched by calling `checkout.availablePaymentGateways.config`. 
The query returns all required fields to prepare a payment form with methods available for the checkout.

```graphql
{
  checkout(token:"14f11c1c-9bc7-4145-89f7-67b60ef943f2"){
    availablePaymentGateways{
      id
      config{
        field
        value
      }
    }
  }
}
```

>  As a result, we get details required to render a payment form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 As a result, we get the details required to render a payment form.
```

            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
 ```

> ## Creating payment in Saleor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating a payment in Saleor
```

To create a payment properly, you need to follow the steps described in 
[Creating a checkout session](developer/checkout.mdx#creating-a-checkout-session) and 
[Selecting a shipping method](developer/checkout.mdx#selecting-a-shipping-method).

> The next step is to choose Adyen as a payment gateway that we want to use to process checkout. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to choose Adyen as the payment gateway that we want to use to process the checkout. 
```

For the Adyen payment gateway, we need to provide:

> - `checkoutId`:  ID of the checkout, for which new payment should be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `checkoutId`: ID of the checkout, for which new payment should be created.
```

> - `input.gateway`:  ID of the payment gateway which should be assigned to this payment. For Adyen it will be:  `mirumee.payments.adyen`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `input.gateway`: ID of the payment gateway which should be assigned to this payment. For Adyen it will be:  `mirumee.payments.adyen`.
```

- `input.amount`: Amount of payment to process.

> - `input.returnUrl`: URL to where the shopper should be taken back to after a redirection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `input.returnUrl`: URL to where the customer should be taken back to after a successful payment in case of 3d secure.
```

Might be a good idea to mention when this redirection occurs.
Changed shopper to customer to be consistent with rest of the repo

Author: But it is not only a 3D Secure case. It can happen in many different payment methods which requires a redirection. Example: klarna, ideal, afterpay etc

> - `input.returnUrl`: URL to where the shopper should be taken back to after a redirection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `input.returnUrl`: URL to where the customer should be taken back to after a redirection.
```

:::note
Description of the `checkoutPaymentCreate` mutation can be found [here](developer/checkout.mdx#selecting-a-payment-method).
:::

```graphql
mutation {
  checkoutPaymentCreate(
    checkoutId: "Q2hlY2tvdXQ6MWZiMmM1OGUtN2JhMy00YmY5LWI2ZDItNWY2ZWJiN2U3ZWJj"
    input: { gateway: "mirumee.payments.adyen", amount: 45.61, returnUrl: "https://127.0.0.1:3000/checkout/payment-confirm" }
  ) {
    payment {
      id
      chargeStatus
    }
    errors {
      field
      message
    }
  }
}
```

## Completing the checkout
After we create a payment object for the Adyen payment gateway, 
we can call the `checkoutComplete` mutation.

> `checkoutComplete` can accept additional parameters for Adyen as fields in `paymentData` input. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`checkoutComplete` can accept additional parameters for Adyen as fields in the `paymentData` input. 
```

> Below fields in `paymentData` will be directly passed to Adyen's [payments endpoint](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following fields in `paymentData` will be directly passed to Adyen's [payments endpoint](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments):
```

- Required:

>   - `paymentMethod` - Received from front end payment form as a `state.data.paymentMethod` when a customer provides payment details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `paymentMethod` - Received from the front-end payment form as a `state.data.paymentMethod` when a customer provides payment details. 
```

  [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_paymentMethod).

- Optional:
  - `channel` - The platform where a payment transaction takes place. Default `web`. 
  [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_channel).
  - `originUrl` - Required for the 3D Secure 2 channel `web` integration. 
  Value assigned to `origin` field. [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_origin).

>   - `browserInfo` - The shopper's browser information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `browserInfo` - The customer's browser information. 
```

  [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_browserInfo).
  - `billingAddress` - The billing address of the customer. If empty or missing, 

>   Saleor will fill up a field based on checkout's billing address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Saleor will fill out the field based on the checkout billing address. 
```

  [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_billingAddress).
  - `deliveryAddress` - The delivery address of the customer. If empty or missing, 

>   Saleor will fill up a field based on checkout's shipping address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Saleor will fill out the field based on the checkout shipping address. 
```

  [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_deliveryAddress).
  - `shopperIP` - The customer's IP address. [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_shopperIP).

>   - `deviceFingerprint` - A string containing the shopper's device fingerprint. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `deviceFingerprint` - A string containing the customer's device fingerprint. 
```

  [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_deviceFingerprint).

>   - `shopperName` - The shopper's full name. [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_shopperName).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `shopperName` - The customer's full name. [Adyen's docs](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__reqParam_shopperName).
```

```graphql
mutation {
  checkoutComplete(
    token: "14f11c1c-9bc7-4145-89f7-67b60ef943f2"
    paymentData: "{\"paymentMethod\": {\"type\": \"scheme\", \"encryptedCardNumber\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$OneNKwaAZqAGM2Ksi7PLVw...\", \"encryptedExpiryMonth\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$uablDTOYKywxbeeBdnkS...\", \"encryptedExpiryYear\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$u8XBJQ92a//ZnAQtEvTDYqugoYtuYVmU14wEcl7DAjUS3OPcjj+hMvBlWctyKuG0aYG18L790...\", \"encryptedSecurityCode\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$e7fZqa+exKs8ovFFPGLz+...\"}}"
  ) {
    order {
      id
    }
    confirmationNeeded
    confirmationData
  }
}
```

> The checkoutComplete mutation has the below fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The checkoutComplete mutation has the following fields:
```

> - `order` - Optional Order object. `Null` when Saleor was not able to finalize checkout or additional action is required from customer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `order` - Optional Order object. `Null` when Saleor was not able to finalize checkout or when additional action is required from the customer. 
```

- `confirmationNeeded` - Set to `true` when finalizing a checkout requires more action from the customer.
- `confirmationData` - Action data that need to be processed on the frontend side before finalizing the payment. [Adyen doc's](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/CheckoutService/v64/post/payments__resParam_action).

> - `errors` - Saleor's errors related to `checkoutComplete` action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `errors` - Saleor's errors related to the `checkoutComplete` action.
```

### Completing the checkout without requiring any additional action
When payment doesn't require any additional action from the customer, Saleor will finalize a checkout, return an order, set `confirmationNeeded` to `false` and `confirmationData` as an empty dict.

```json
{
  "data": {
    "checkoutComplete": {
      "order": {
        "id": "T3JkZXI6MjkxMw=="
      },
      "confirmationNeeded": false,
      "confirmationData": "{}"
    }
  }
}
```

> ### Processing a checkout's payment with required additional actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Processing the checkout payment with additional actions required
```

When payment requires additional action from the customer like authentication payment with 3D Secure,

>  log in to their bank's website or redirect to payment provider page, Saleor will set `confirmationNeeded` to `true` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 logging in to their bank's website or a redirect to payment provider page, Saleor will set `confirmationNeeded` to `true` 
```

    }
  }
}
```

After processing additional action by the customer, call `checkoutComplete` a second time and pass data received from Adyen (`state.data`) as a `paymentData` field:

```graphql
mutation {
  checkoutComplete(
    token: "14f11c1c-9bc7-4145-89f7-67b60ef943f2"
    paymentData: "{\"additional-action\": \"data recieved from onAdditionalDetails\" ...,\"}"
  ) {
    order {
      id
    }
    confirmationNeeded
    confirmationData
  }
}
```
The response of the mutation will contain a newly created order or additional data required for the next additional action from a customer. 
In case, when more actions are required, process them in the same way as the second `checkoutComplete` call.

#### Processing a redirect additional action

> if `action.type` is `redirect`, Adyen will redirect a customer to a page where the customer can finalize the payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `action.type` is `redirect`, Adyen will redirect a customer to a page where the customer can finalize the payment.
```

>  After that customer will be redirected back. The request will go through the Saleor, which will confirm the current status of payment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 After that, the customer will be redirected back. The request will go through the Saleor, which will confirm the current status of payment. 
```

>     paymentData: "{\"paymentMethod\": {\"type\": \"scheme\", \"encryptedCardNumber\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$OneNKwaAZqAGM2Ksi7PLVwB2F0FdGq6urdRn3aj7517iQpWWuO25rxYu5G9XhymYxRp4SSfpc9+hMknzt3QqAsl3XiXcfa4EYod3y9GVerRoHckaU5UP5MVgXS3nZMn3nau0+0m0yBIHTBFpy9C7nKE4Bx+nPo9F1DGkYMFJM2J/KaSB/03vj17nIjeCxPs+HXfZLsVHWRYVuohE9MD4Igtlfa2annJwA3JM/mqa7cHg5U5wjMJfOMUIULSe0sPi++/yzH3WBQ1GrPJobg7vwYsfQYzn4L4uH0MlhAvA9at2VFjrupD1qifRbQwRIxCTLxHFvkm8PMhrHm9iPrUSRw==$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\", \"encryptedExpiryMonth\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$uablDTOYKywxbeeBdnkSgyw8L6i3Qi4mrvJGUVotXZSpFNVAmseBt69a8IkIGpJeauesCEVu4alqoBaPC6DC9qHpMRt9mhJaoN6f5192RLXp489249hUHxvlj+YBRIuCrfrWC+QQ6GBiUWEqRJzplQ99a1IPOhbo9FyZDnCtWaYea8z5NTo7oBJDp+W9wZVSYjYsZlZjholAJMwlTecAzBRsqhAi0PmsMZbeOCgbOrBo02HgHE4pMuN4/nnEfVJ3BXeZXODS6zVoQQJm9/DLbYCpcHCG7QcPnusWYuewQ939BcNiRUziST9yOOqOxvDoqvCQ0dgc5pmrmDgXmP7uPw==$nlli4opQ9It6yb/LXgglOfwhystYFXeRqWQ8BVF4vLSt5oitHtUtjcAgw3pzlDl/MdSnBzs5aFsmuq7chcZyc/79V5WvbM998CTsMAoTjtLu+c+MSbt3shGLQ0qmckQM58DuERHhZ1OzKpFF6Ylmnl9SLSo/SWbdTJLCkrHFpo2blQyLKOZVQZWT7RFMTUzB4Eh4dYVUlWoKko6cNajM/VAvgd0NitR1iOPEHce5sWfHs5yWBTDs1i6sY1GiDt7II575IrmDZbb4k0xlRN05ErYcVEQxov3ZIObrOa1RHBi3Hf8+xl5dvFn71KcUqC/LKfdgGD7qrgJIlHnFu6n7UeNKsma1ITr3/T5aDeTYhIFZAYV6kLOUDSNxmnx3NsYuvP1VUg==\", \"encryptedExpiryYear\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$u8XBJQ92a//ZnAQtEvTDYqugoYtuYVmU14wEcl7DAjUS3OPcjj+hMvBlWctyKuG0aYG18L790HUBk9X5I29U21OGFPIUkruE7SSnT/n/XGI8wTYvi9XuHSPL+o1RuZyn2vKCgpXF9IK2gcRL8fske5rPBVaHaXhKHO5ntQSoopS/3fWFmlgSqVQDlo6HhQ11zmtf6jz00AXTCjylPkFbrz2kDrBzvwgQ5uqRMrBZbbEGI8QCE5L/KyU0rAyQK49vCvRbdCijZYW14ILYbhf42ikpbpuTKyMOsVUDH37AI5r9z4d2hOglRwy9JeSbImOoADw0NBVqMfZcg8msIHdsCg==$MnkUgmG4bpYYYlN0RJLz43otApoLnMkHkcrLdcU44tIPuY2AwuE0vCwCcFEuykB64iiwab5c8NqwZZk50yUjHDqLvvT6JCIpcDoBmJzoQ+VDvEMqi389/wkjlgPKX7lmZR11C+/InuiVP3BjOG+dqC5fE1uuJqPsvMRdSfWG8WK2yhzae1BAKt9qO4q1xPVtPAMzCUchD9d+hSlgRIvRPZTLB6xVHSUSJb86lR9i7Wm2Z413IGRR6tXerDohvDctI+As8Bl1TEZUsddGU7LTu1plPpBtLuwUQd5EWiBZNM2S8wW3J/mJ3mt7Ehq4f1wd6XZITiNz+3GH5zCn1A9GWspz+k5OeM8o3XMMaGLdcTlHdMMXGPDYlAybZ2ZHEoGiYP6DFvk=\", \"encryptedSecurityCode\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$e7fZqa+exKs8ovFFPGLz+hP5b5y86d/1Xij8ONTyIGJ3hUSKCIKuF5GcaygrJkSCTTU/7zQbPpGwGUcNMHh1hc/mCuQyfoUPrd9mkewxuipTN0cs/QKDpKsT9TDeDg/Z2X+8XG6V+y7kEWc0lzgHtn/j85ifeQJ/yhm9WTiWAy44qOPj0q0piTev5KRa2WbTWN4lDS14O8zsYRu12/AIRyEkKnBbxc+8aXRQQFTr5bY/wvsSbzLzKTLZvKqSenHZx4UepnP+NXHljo8rig/GX4GamFhXzcDx/vc/+tatjsORQRXKO6Y10Lm3W9Quva0+BmtYxn1NiWysLdnv5U/7SQ==$lyRXEG/rrT16Ldh5Kw078VIEDDOU4HJ/1vTBUSxotBQ/5AYOGXg4Oyrby0+6C5Iao4g4YYk738K79v233Mzug+4WaOd5XqUTHzcYxCGHcyTjI/5yBPZtF9ffKQdBkXsUv4tLin6U5AHI9/NLbicI8G2c9K8NLDX3w51DR54AafdxFboXUTqoe4j8ZbVq9X7sAXYFn90JiNyOmTtjNSWYY9HAoBi/1KMZNgCjmaAR3WRnlPsAC8hyse4fg3HZo6sEQ3brgyUeuEyA8VszX7HeLTJfXKl5YgCYy54//K0u0kdd7Uvu9THbR9i1YShllgLrnVAdcuzZTT6vleLezgxh2h0vf3u6EjlSJqI/OGNMIY2ROEeU3SKFm+63hvE4\"}}"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    paymentData: "{\"paymentMethod\": {\"type\": \"scheme\", \"encryptedCardNumber\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$OneNKwaAZqAGM2Ksi7PLVw...\", \"encryptedExpiryMonth\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$uablDTOYKywxbeeBdnkS...\", \"encryptedExpiryYear\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$u8XBJQ92a//ZnAQtEvTDYqugoYtuYVmU14wEcl7DAjUS3OPcjj+hMvBlWctyKuG0aYG18L790...\", \"encryptedSecurityCode\": \"adyenjs_0_1_25$e7fZqa+exKs8ovFFPGLz+...\"}}"
```

@korycins WDYT?

>  As a next step, Saleor will use `returnUrl` provided in `checkoutPaymentCreate` mutation to redirect shopper to store page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next step, Saleor will use `returnUrl` provided in the `checkoutPaymentCreate` mutation to redirect the shopper to the store page.
```

> The `returnUrl` will have attached below parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `returnUrl` will have attached the following parameters attached:
```

  - Required:
    - `checkout` - the ID of processed checkout.
    - `payment` - the ID of processed payment.
    - `resultCode` - status of the payment recieved from Adyen. Can be used to determine the current status of the payment. [Docs](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/payment-result-codes)
  - Optional:
    - `action` -  action data if an additional action is required by customer.

If payment was successfully processed, Saleor will create an order. The next mutation `checkoutComplete` call will return `order` in the response.

## Enabling native 3DS2

> Saleor by default uses redirect 3D Secure 1 and 2. To use native 3DS, [enable it in the Saleor's dashboard](dashboard/configuration/plugins/adyen.md#enabling-the-adyen-integration). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saleor uses redirect 3D Secure 1 and 2 by default. To use native 3DS, [enable it in the Saleor dashboard](dashboard/configuration/plugins/adyen.md#enabling-the-adyen-integration). 
```

> Setting this flag will include to Adyen's request `additionalData.allow3DS2: true`, to all card transactions.

Reviewer: @korycins This sentence is pretty unclear to me.

Author: On the dashboard side, there is a checkbox `Enable native 3D Secure`  that determines if native 3DS is enabled or not. 
Setting this checkbox to True will include flag `additionalData.allow3DS2: true` to all "payment processing" requests that we send to Adyen.

Make sure that you provide all required fields for native 3D Secure in `checkoutComplete.input.paymentData` as described [here](developer/available-plugins/adyen.mdx#completing-the-checkout). 

> The fields mandatory for enabling native 3D Secure 2 can be found [here](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/3d-secure/native-3ds2). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mandatory fields for enabling native 3D Secure 2 can be found [here](https://docs.adyen.com/online-payments/3d-secure/native-3ds2). 
```

Specific channel (`iOS`, `Android`, `Web`) or solution type (`Drop-in`, `Components`) can require different fields. 

## Enabling Apple Pay

:::note
Make sure that you follow all steps required to activate Apple Pay as described [here](dashboard/configuration/plugins/adyen.md#activating-applePay)
:::

### Enabling on web channel

> Each usage Apple Pay on web requires the initialization of the payment session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each usage of Apple Pay on the web requires the initialization of the payment session.
```

Adyen's form([Drop-in](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/apple-pay/web-drop-in?tab=_code_payments_code__2#drop-in-configuration), 
[Components](https://docs.adyen.com/payment-methods/apple-pay/web-component?tab=_code_payments_code__2#step-2-create-an-instance-of-the-component)) has handler `onValidateMerchant`. To request the Apple Pay session, 
call mutation `paymentInitialize` inside `onValidateMerchant`.

> Mutation `paymentInitialize` accepts below fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutation `paymentInitialize` accepts the following fields:
```

- `channel`: channel slug, where the Apple Pay session should be initialized

> - `gateway`: - The `gateway` is the id of the  plugin which for Adyen is  - `mirumee.payments.adyen`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gateway`: - the `gateway` is the id of the plugin, which for Adyen is  - `mirumee.payments.adyen`
```

> Make sure that you follow all steps required to activate apple pay as described [here](dashboard/configuration/plugins/adyen.md#activating-applePay)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure that you follow all steps required to activate Apple Pay as described [here](dashboard/configuration/plugins/adyen.md#activating-applePay)
```

- `paymentData`: JSONString with all data required to initialize session.

`PaymentData` for initializing Apple Pay session should contain the below structure.
```json

> {
>   "merchantIdentifier": <your-apple-merchant-id>,
>   "displayName": "Merchant ID for Saleor and Adyen",
>   "domain": "The registered storefront domain",
>   "validationUrl": <validationUrl>,
>   "paymentMethod": "applepay"
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "merchantIdentifier": "<your-apple-merchant-id>",
  "displayName": "Merchant ID for Saleor and Adyen",
  "domain": "The registered storefront domain",
  "validationUrl": "<validationUrl>",
  "paymentMethod": "applepay"
}
```

Make it a valid json to avoid formatting issues
